---
ogImage:
  props:
    title: Nuxt Playground
    excerpt: Hello !Here is 02sdarling
    colorMode: dark
    description: An upgraded Nuxt website serves as a supplement to reinforce your front-end learning and consolidate your knowledge points.
---

# Welcome to Nuxt Playground!

这里是i02sdarling 欢迎来到这里 这是一个关于 Nuxt 的在线Ide

关于本网站 我期望或将要创建的

- Js
- Ts
- 算法
- 博客
::div{.flex.flex-wrap.gap-2}
:card-language{to="/concepts" description="If you are not familiar with Vue, we recommend you to learn the basics of Vue first." language="Js"}
:card-language{to="/concepts" description="If you are not familiar with Vue, we recommend you to learn the basics of Vue first." language="Ts"}
:card-language{to="/concepts" description="If you are not familiar with Vue, we recommend you to learn the basics of Vue first." language="Algorithm"}
:card-language{to="/concepts" description="If you are not familiar with Vue, we recommend you to learn the basics of Vue first." language="Blog"}

::
关于更高的创意 我希望能够接入例如 webSocket nestjs等

项目正在进行中

webContinaer
monaco

## 关于本项目

## 关于我

1. 这里是我的Github地址:[i02sdarling](https://github.com/i02sdarling)
2. 我的另外一个项目[node-blog](http://116.62.176.221/)
3. 我的油叉脚本脚本:[Youtube-ImmersiveTranlate](https://greasyfork.org/zh-CN/scripts/496556-youtube-copying-selected-subtitles-immersive-translation)

## 使用本教程

```js
1. 路由
- [Reactivity](/vue/reactivity)
- [Composition API](/vue/composition-api)
- [Vue Components](/vue/components)

2. ::note ::
3. 启用ogImage

---
ogImage: true
---

4. Content启用Html

::div{.flex.flex-wrap.gap-2}
:content-card{to="/vue" title="Vue Basics" description="If you are not familiar with Vue, we recommend you to learn the basics of Vue first." icon="i-logos-vue"}
:content-card{to="/concepts" title="Nuxt Concepts" description="If you are not familiar with Vue, we recommend you to learn the basics of Vue first." icon="i-logos-nuxt-icon"}
::

```

## Getting Started

With this tutorial, we assume you are already familiar with the basic concepts of HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Nuxt is a full-stack framework built on top of [Vue](https://vuejs.org), we also include a simple Vue tutorial to help you get started quickly.

Start learning by clicking the topics below:

::div{.flex.flex-wrap.gap-2}
:content-card{to="/vue" title="Vue Basics" description="If you are not familiar with Vue, we recommend you to learn the basics of Vue first." icon="i-logos-vue"}
:content-card{to="/concepts" title="Nuxt Concepts" description="If you are not familiar with Vue, we recommend you to learn the basics of Vue first." icon="i-logos-nuxt-icon"}
::

## Case Studies

Once you are already familiar with the concepts of Vue and Nuxt, we provide some case studies to help you understand how to use Nuxt in real-world applications:

::div{.flex.flex-wrap.gap-2}
:content-card{to="/" wip title="GitHub Profile" description="Build an website to generate custom user profile from GitHub" icon="i-ph-user-circle-duotone"}
:content-card{to="/" wip title="ECommerce" description="Build a basic ECommerce site with product display, cart and login" icon="i-ph-shopping-cart-duotone"}
::

## About This Playground

This playground itself is also built with Nuxt. It uses:

- [WebContainers](https://webcontainers.io/) to create a fully-featured Node.js environment in your browser to run Nuxt dev server.
- [Nuxt Content](https://content.nuxt.com/) to provide content management for the playground.
- [Monaco Editor](https://microsoft.github.io/monaco-editor/) to provide a code editor with syntax highlighting and code completion.
- [Volar](https://github.com/volarjs/volar.js) to provide Vue and TypeScript language support for Monaco Editor.

You can find the [source code on GitHub](https://github.com/nuxt/learn.nuxt.com) to learn more about how this playground is built.
